## A Letter



The last time I opened my little box of trinklets to show you, you didn't even glance this way. I had to close it hastily and shove it back under the bed, a little embarrassed that I opened it up for you. You don't want to see mine, and yet you show me yours. I want to dismiss you too, but I can't help that I understand you. I see your feelings in your eyes, so raw, and I know I must not hurt you, so I decide to hide my own monstrosity, and let you believe that we aren't literally the same, you and I.

You don't want to listen to me, you continue denying what I show you of myself, don't you want to know who I am, too? You keep your image of me in your eyes, unchanging. Oh wait, did I just accuse you of doing something that I am guilty of too? Interesting. Oh, the things I wish I could explain, but I can't. Because ultimately, who cares?

Who cares of what could have been, who cares about your reasoning behind your actions?

Do you feel my absence? Do you miss it? Did you ever even value it? Was I anything to you at all? Oh I knew, I knew the pains of getting into it right from the beginning, but I wonder now if I am really that insignificant to you. 

I spiral in and out of distress, a constant pattern. I wrench my heart and take my sorrows with me to a beach and contemplate, looking over the deep blue sea. But why is it, that the moment I see you again, I realise that I still don't hate you? I can't bring myself to, even if I tried. Oh, my heart, if only you knew it, I'd forgive you a thousand times if I had to. 

But after all the misery, I realize, who are you really, but a thought in my mind, an experience, a memory? This story is about me, just me.

*Sighs*.
And yet... the sheer insignificance of my existence hurts me sometimes. I’m right here, and yet I was never there.

I don’t really exist here, do I? You can't even see me! Who cares, nothing matters in this world, we just act like it does. Everything’s puny, meaningless, opaque. Or beautiful, if you prefer the sweeter flavor.
You are as important a part of this world as a leaf on a branch. Self is an illusion, and yet we envy another's percieved version of self.

You just *can’t* know something beyond a point here, apparently. How is one expected to navigate a foreign scape with no rules, no reality, and no clue of what might be their role in the Lore?

Funny little world.