## A Letter


<p>
The last time I opened my little box of trinkets to show you, you didn't even glance this way. <br/>
I had to close it hastily and shove it back under the bed, <br/>
A little embarrassed that I opened it up for you. <br/>
You don't want to see mine, and yet you show me yours. <br/>
I want to dismiss you too, but I can't help that I understand you. <br/>
I see your feelings in your eyes, so raw, and I know I must not hurt you. <br/>
So I decide to hide my own monstrosity <br/>
And let you believe that we aren't literally the same, <br/>
You and I. <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
You don't want to listen to me, you continue denying what I show you of myself. <br/>
Why don't you want to know who I am? <br/>
You keep your image of me in your eyes, unchanging. <br/>
Oh wait, did I just accuse you of something <br/>
That I am guilty of too? Interesting. <br/>
Oh, the things I wish I could explain, but I can't <br/>
Because ultimately, who cares? <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
Who cares of what could have been? <br/>
Who cares of the reasoning behind your actions? <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
Do you feel my absence, <br/>
Do you miss it? <br/>
Did you ever even value it, <br/>
Was I anything to you at all? <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
Oh I knew, <br/>
I knew the pains of getting into it right from the beginning. <br/>
But I wonder now, <br/>
Am I really that insignificant to you? <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
I spiral in and out of distress, <br/>
A constant pattern. <br/>
I wrench my heart and take my sorrows with me <br/>
By the lakeside, contemplating, <br/>
Pledging to leave it all behind and start afresh. <br/>
But why is it, that the moment I see you again, <br/>
I realize that I still don't hate you? <br/>
I can't bring myself to, even if I tried to. <br/>
Oh, my heart, if only you knew, <br/>
I'd forgive you a thousand times if I had to! <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
But after all the misery, <br/>
Who are you even, really? <br/>
What are you <br/>
But a thought in my mind, <br/>
An experience, a memory? <br/>
This story is about me, remember? <br/>
Just me. <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
Though the sheer insignificance <br/>
Of my existence hurts me sometimes, <br/>
Even though you can't see me, <br/>
I’m right here. <br/>
</p>
<br/>
<p>
Who cares, nothing matters in this world. <br/>
We only go on acting like it does. <br/>
Everything’s puny, meaningless, opaque, <br/>
Or beautiful, if you prefer the sweeter flavor. <br/>
You are as crucial to this world <br/>
As this little leaf here on the branch. <br/>
Self is an illusion, <br/>
And yet we envy another's perceived version of self. <br/>
You just <i>can’t</i> know something beyond a point here, apparently. <br/>
How is one expected to navigate <br/>
A foreign scape with no rules, no reality, <br/>
And no clue of what might be their role in The Lore? <br/>
<br/>
<i>Sighs</i> <br/>
Funny little world. <br/>
</p>
