## The Play

<p>
Elaborate, <br/>
Perfectly beautiful, pristine, <br/>
Larger than anything this human mind can even begin comprehending - <br/>
Is this game of life. <br/>
</p>

<p>
I'd met you earlier,  <br/>
when I was perhaps too young to understand <br/>
But now, I recognize you immediately. <br/>
I'd run away from you back then, <br/>
Hoping beyond hope that I'd never see you again in my entire life <br/>
But you're here again, <br/>
Back in a different form. <br/>
Your physical appearance is different. <br/>
We've never met before -  <br/>
Or rather, <i>you've</i> never seen me before. <br/>
To me, you're an old friend. <br/>
And this time, you've ensured that I cannot escape. <br/>
I spare one glance of smug realization towards the skies,  <br/>
Take a deep breath, <br/>
And pass on a nod of acknowledgement to you. <br/>
The interaction begins. <br/>
</p>

<p>
We're both on the field now, <br/>
And even though I still don't know to take you on, <br/>
Abandoning the arena like last tine isn't an option anymore. <br/>
The thought of seeing you again annoys me enough <br/>
To motivate me to get it over with now, <br/>
Once and for all. <br/>
I crack my knuckles, crouching into a fighting stance  <br/>
From the corner of my eye, I see a few more players  <br/>
Stepping slowly into the field <br/>
I recognize almost all of them,  <br/>
From a distant past - <br/>
Oh, all my undefeated enemies, welcome back. <br/>
I roll my eyes. <br/>
Alright then, a challenge it is! <br/>
"Fine. I get it now!", I announce to everyone present. <br/>
The players, the eneimes and friends,  <br/>
The well-wishers and the bystanders. <br/>
Because I really do get it now. <br/>
It's no longer personal, it's just me and you, inevitably, <br/>
Versus me. <br/>
</p>

<p>
Then, to my surprise,  <br/>
Donned with all your weapons and arsenal, <br/>
You smile. <br/>
Not a smirk, not mocking, but <br/>
A smile of... satisfaction. <br/>
You're _proud_ of me? <br/>
Two butterfiles, one white and one golden <br/>
Flutter across the arena, twirling around each other  <br/>
Like dancing leaves <br/>
Thunder rolls above, <br/>
And a cool wind blows - a sudden blessing in this weather. <br/>
It's almost as if the universe was acknowledging my observations, <br/>
Congratulating me on my long-overdue decision <br/>
As if after all this time, <br/>
Finally, I have made the right choice. <br/>
</p>

<p>
Well, thanks. Let's see how this goes then, folks<br/>
I raise my right hand, and make a gesture <br/>
A motion for you to come forward. <br/>
You come bolting towards me <br/>
Not in anger, not in rage. <br/>
Our sheilds clash, the strike hits hard  <br/>
And hereby, the play resumes. <br/>
</p>