## The Dance

<p>
Hey there, who are you? You're beautiful - <i>sudden recoil.</i> <br/>
<i>No- no, I didn't recoil from you... </i> Is it finally time, now? I wasn't warned!<br/>
You're smiling, you're happy I guess.<br/>
Why do I feel weighed down?<br/>
I look down at my hands, locked in phantom shackles<br/>
Weighed down by the promise that's yet to be made.<br/>
I really want the best for you. But can I give you that?<br/>
I stay back as the others swarm around you<br/>
I watch from the back of the crowd, hidden, unknown.<br/>
Self pity. <i>Oh, how very distasteful. Just grow up already.</i><br/>
Disgust. You're too close to my face. You've got a nice smile though.<br/>
Everyone's swooning over you, and I take a step farther away.<br/>
<i>Breathe.</i> I tell myself I'm just new to the game. <br/>
You look away, at the next shiny thing. The moment has passed.<br/>
I sigh in relief. The spotlight has shifted...but there's bile in my throat.<br/>
You were not the one for sure, <br/>
But how can I be sure not to fumble<br/>
When my turn really does come?<br/>
They say the spotlight shines just once, and one needs to give it their best shot.<br/>
Oh, I was born for the stage. A natural performer.<br/>
<i>Only once, you say? Not for me!</i><br/>
...You didn’t catch any hesitation there, did you?<br/>
Time ticks on, and I don’t yet know how much longer I can escape the ominous spotlight.<br/>
Swinging gracefully to the left as the spotlight sways to the right, <br/>
I teeter on the edges of the beam, just close enough to be warm, but not scorched<br/>
Observing the joy on the faces of the next chosen ones - looks a little foreign to me.<br/>
It's almost like we're doing a dance of our own, this spotlight and me. Cute.<br/>
Don't tell anyone, but I'm beginning to quite enjoy this dance of ours.<br/>
When I have finally practiced enough to perform, will the spotlight finally shine over me <br/>
Or will it pass right by me and chide me for playing the escape game far too long? <br/>
What do I really want? <br/>
</p>

<p>
So it wasn't <i>you</i> running away from me all this while, was it. <br/>
It was me. I have always been running away from you. Haha.
</p>